I'm sorry I'm still in my work outfit I
was just fighting subscribe no big deal
that's right while the real spider-man
is busy protecting New York City I'm
busy saving the citizens of suburban
Connecticut
I hate alliteration coincidentally a new
spider-man movie came out a few weeks
ago it's called the amazing spider-man
so let's talk about that I mentioned in
a video a few months ago called the
Batman Tremont that I love spider-man
you can watch that video if you want to
feel like stuff I don't care but yeah
like a lot of people my age spider-man
has a huge chunk of my childhood and I'm
so glad that didn't screw him up in this
new one I mean obviously everyone's
gonna compare to the original so let's
just do that right off the bat who's
better Tobey Maguire Andrew Garfield
I'll just put it this way I think that
Andrew Garfield was a better Peter
Parker and Tobey Maguire was a better
spider-man yeah maybe has a little to do
with the fact that I'm also a skinny
teenage boy in high school but I haven't
related to a character like I've related
to Peter Parker in the amazing
spider-man in a long time let me just
say that Andrew Garfield is fantastic I
mean really fantastic and as Peter
Parker he was perfect seriously he's
everything that you want in your
misunderstood high school kid it's hard
to explain but he just felt so real and
good what works on the page doesn't
always work on the screen case in point
Peter Parker's web-shooters oh yeah
high school nerd develops miracle webs
even scientists in real life can't
create people would have walked out of
the theater hmm intelligence is not a
privilege it's a gift one that should be
used for the good of mankind and Andrew
Garfield as Peter Parker gets that like
when you seem developing the web
shooters are calculating the decay rate
algorithm sure you like Tobey Maguire's
Peter Parker in the originals but
sometimes you get the feeling like he's
being too awkward or too goofy or too
geeky or whatever but Andrew Garfield
was just right as Peter Parker but when
Garfield puts on the mask it sometimes
seems like he's a little bit on
spider-man II here's a few examples of
hilarious cheeseball lines the Tobey
Maguire said to spider-man hey kiddo why
don't you let mom and dad talk for a
minute now hey I'm the sheriff around
these parts it's you who's out Gaby out
of your mind
and besides that small knives joke that
you saw in the previews a thousand times
Andrew Garfield's lines that Spider Man
sound mostly like this yo I got him when
you gotta yeah yeah school building
lizards on his way knees when Gwen don't
what you serious methinks the half
British Andrew Garfield tends to
overcompensate the accent at times at
least when he's wearing the mask Tobey
always just seemed more comfortable
behind the mask plus he said Mary Jane
like all the time like twice every movie
speaking of Mary Jane I never liked her
nobody did if spider-man one two and
three Mary Jane Watson exists purely to
be the damsel in distress that
spider-man saves at the end in the
climax of every single spider-man movie
she's being held captive and needs to be
saved by Spidey in the first movie that
was fine you know she was cute she was
nice she was your typical girl next door
but throughout the trilogy she just got
progressively
awful remember the end of spider-man 2
when mary-jane ditches our wedding to go
be with Parker they talk they kiss and
then she hears the police sirens going
what she say don't go get him tiger that
symbolized that mary jane finally
decided to be cool with Peters lifestyle
she didn't care that he was spider-man
she still loved him then she spends the
entirety of spider-man 3 complaining
about it and complaining and complaining
that's annoying thankfully Emma Stone as
Gwen Stacy was a thousand times better
than anything Kirsten Dunst ever had to
offer I'm not just saying that because
I'm in love with Emma Stone and she
spends most of the movie wearing
miniskirts and high socks she was
legitimately awesome what was Mary Jane
Watson she was hot most of the time but
in the amazing spider-man gwen stacy is
hot and cool and hilarious and she
actually does stuff oh yeah a spider-man
girlfriend that's actually a part of the
adventure not just the damsel she cooks
up an awesome formula that could save
lives and she sprays giant reptiles with
fire and spider-man legitimately could
not have saved the day if it weren't for
Gwen Stacy's help and that's awesome she
even hits the lizard over the head with
a trophy at one point like tardigrade
don't care Gwen Stacy don't care
speaking of the lizard I always thought
Sam Raimi was pretty stupid for never
having included the lizard in his
spider-man films because his alter-ego
dr. Curt Connors is in every single one
of them you already have this
established character that the audience
already likes use him so needless to say
I've wanted to see the lizard and
spider-man film for a long time and I
was really excited to see him in this
new movie but unfortunately a lizard was
one of the weaker points in the film I
mean the first doctor Connor seems like
a really solid character and I liked him
a lot it's only until later in the film
that his storyline seems a bit rushed he
devises this whole evil plan about how
he's gonna turn everyone in New York and
delivered people but he never really
explains why I mean he says it's because
he has the lizard as a superior race but
we never really find out how he arrived
at that conclusion is the reptile juice
messing with his brain has the
transformation driven him completely
bonkers does he have some crazy twisted
logic to it I don't know the movie never
really gets around to explaining it even
if the villain was kind of weak there's
still tons of other amazing characters
in this movie like Martin Sheen and
Sally Field as Uncle Ben and Aunt May
they were fantastic all right I'm gonna
talk about Uncle Ben's death and if the
fact that Ben Parker dies in spider-man
is a spoiler for you then you just need
to go away there's the door the death of
Peters Uncle Ben is what inspires him to
become a superhero and I think that
Uncle Ben's death was done better in the
amazing spider-man than by Sam Raimi
spider-man one just hours before Uncle
Ben is murdered Peter sort of talks back
to him Uncle Ben was trying to tell him
something important and he just threw it
in his face
and obviously he felt very guilty about
it the amazing spider-man Peter doesn't
just talk back to Uncle Ben they have a
full-on family fight and then Ben's
murder two hours later and I feel like
that had a bigger impact on the audience
throughout the movie we hear a lot of
Uncle Ben's voice but never does he say
with great power comes great
responsibility like he's supposed to but
you know what he does say if you have
the power to do good things for other
people then you have a moral obligation
to do though
things I really like that statement like
a lot it reminds you that you should do
good things for other people simply
because it's right a lot of the appeal
for the character of spider-man comes
from the base fact that Peter Parker
helps people because he can and that's
what makes the amazing spider-man
amazing still there are problems with
the amazing spider-man like Captain
Stacy's priorities were a little off and
the whole thing with Uncle Ben's killer
has forgotten about halfway through the
movie but other than that I think it's
very solid there's also this whole thing
about how the untold story of spider-man
was never really told in this movie
there's a YouTube channel called pretty
much it nay made a very good video about
this whole conspiracy about a couple of
scenes from the spider-man movie I'll
put a link to it down in the description
and you should watch it because it's
interesting so yeah I really like the
amazing spider-man it's very difficult
to say whether I like this one or the
originals better but it's still a very
good film and I would recommend that you
go see you know the thing about The
Amazing Spider mm looks like I'm gonna
have to let's go you know evil is the
defeat world's to save you know thanks
for watching for your on the
neighborhood spider-man